nature a snowfall we rather
some people say
the wind his talent of his slogans
two
leticia diaz david osorio rods detective the mountains west of
colorado that for almost a year have become their home
he left his family in the department of junín in peru
new help before the high command
I only worked as a representative of the created state I do not have a relationship nor
his father mother
everyone worked as a rule
my grandparents many years there work with running
and forget 1995 - in November
there they speak of an iguana
that generated me
and how life began working as a pastor a decade ago on the ranch
of sheep uncles Saturday was
in vic the colorado where both came in search of the American dream
such as these as well as sheep dogs are used by shepherds
to follow his sheep
who spend most of their time in the hills west of Colorado
here are the girls and
and if it suits them
yes
not because I like lying on the grass
we work legally established
the right congress 2
the visits two weeks ago
allows employers to hire skilled workers
temporarily
people who work in agriculture fields earn $ 9 with 88
cents per hour while two shepherds
they receive a salary of 4 dollars with 68 cents an hour and their contract
specifies
that should be available 24 hours a day seven days a week
it's important to know
that there are things that are happening legally
to someone that country in months those days that
who really
the trip between they are earning less than two dollars per hour
the hard worked
erika rodríguez
She is a Colorado attorney linked sometimes that after two years of research
published in January this year a report titled too much work and
little money in this one include the year complaints in i + d ovejeros with a view
to che 2 a
but also give the conditions of conflicts
where they do not live like everyone else there are no bathrooms who have not done
way to use a Turkish bath three years the same lucia report retention of
documents lack of access to a phone as well as discounts
unjustified
stories that have been heard for years as ignacio tells
alvarado who came 20 years ago as vejer oy is capo of his ranch
I left the transport
Fernet's
I was an incoming week
the pattern is long for brasca to buy a few days
and I discounted peace
the person can because he
call him
the payment tdt
to a person who was for me
already looking because I was dying
of employment for years training these accusations
the neighborhood association is rebounding the angel affirmations
hoteliers is a war among those who claims to be following the law and denies
abuse social networks do not see benefit cost
I promised them falsely kind at least five years
married decisive armenteros between del dif has expressed that they form a field years
if it's a problem less we're not saying do not want to be strong that
it's happening they're all wide, they persie those things and it's happening in many
many years those who come people and of sure quality that this is not their
case you can say no to 1 100 workers like
in a statement to be like that
on the sword
according to the contra
remove - do not take anything from us
in those two countries
here the slides are lost we do not take good care of ourselves on stage and we do not
discount report in the esplanade
father dad unlike the fields included in the report on this
pastor has solar panels that allows him to have access to electricity
the parity as well as the fact
do not
clark
those things I do not know why they say everything we're not just slaves
within the list they have
It's not as lethal as three o'clock in the afternoon
that then why
a lot ovarian tissue growth
finally I donate many things I believe that he is not a slave
other people will be slave management
I like it
yes it will be
ashtrays to be well their conditions and it seems that if your employer
if you are trying to see if you are following the
i of his fortune the mind that is not with a with us as examples
they think they are not satisfied
have not yet filed formal complaints
one can just haha
because they decide if we understand what
they have a lot to lose
and yes they do complain to what we can say that this one has its
low rights of the l
that factor should not be those low costs ahead they have to make their own
decision
whether to complain or not because those are the people who do things that
you have
the shepherds come in search of a dream
had been found
since his work as a pastor in colorado has allowed him to move forward
to his seven children in Peru
that was going down sent for work at the university because this one of d
good to finish studying some are working in a teaching center
produced ap with a dream
but
really the use of power and the senate
because really the no no was what I thought I am here and 40m 9 years
in United States
with 29 years old
and I've never left this job I'm happy doing this job
comes from
a life of sacrifice and solitude in which as in a Russian roulette the
workers play all the benidormí in search of a better future
I sent a court
pioneer hands
families I do not want
they want to come to work here
they want to excel
up to 10
31 of 2010 this
and until October
also hired
ensures david showing his contract that has just been renewed for another year
same keeps under your address next to your cell phone
assistance
I take estro that good for the children of st
It is also an extra patron of fresh fruit
you can notice them if you can if you can transcend conditions like this
you have to continue with your business
but in a day no no no it is not very common in Yemen
so so that is false
a luck with which according to colorado of 12 months
there have not run many shepherds who like life
they work for their families without rest after being well here to make
all right
to the Peruvians that are not we are really but have had
jorge rossi the others 19
in this report it became public some state legislators have been
working to review existing regulations
in this way look for a way to avoid possible abuses to shepherds
who by the nature of their work depend completely on their patterns
reported out less there will be red univision news
we have seen that the pattern is good if there are hand patterns if you work in
the field and has been
for many you can call 1 808 6 4 43 30 to make a complaint